[Madam] Someone put
a price on my head.
So I want their heads cut
completely the fuck off.
[Madam] Previously
on "All The Queen's Men..."
May I have a suggestion?
Proceed it
with the utmost caution.
Are you threatening me?
A lot of women might want
to see a father and a son duel.
Yo. so I got this
money making ideas and games.
So where were you
on the night the Madam was shot?
[man groaning]
Fucking amateur.
Oh. shit. that's Rayshon!
- What?
- Shit.
[tense music playing]
Here's 10.000.
I'll get the rest of it
to you this week.
Okay.
And there's one more thing.
I need you to speak
with Detective Davis.
And you have to tell her
that I was here with you
at home all night
the night Madam was shot.
All right. cool.
Actually...
Why don't you make yourself
comfortable here?
Your father used to keep
an extra pillow and blanket
in the closet next to the bar.
Wait. we need to talk.
Rayshon is dead.
I know. I heard about it.
The video's everywhere online.
Any idea
how you got my credit card?
Does it even matter?
Rayshon is dead.
The cops killed him.
There's always
two sides to a story.
I bet there is.
Like the story he told me about
what happened to him
in this house.
[theme song]
♪ Yeah yeah yeah ♪
♪ They know not to play with me
they know I get it started ♪
♪ Asking will I take it easy?
Told 'em that it's hard ♪
♪ Asking will I quit?
Oh no sir I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They sayin' dat it's light
but I'll turn ♪
♪ This bitch to darkness.
Darkness ♪
♪ It go up
we don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play about my dinero.
Dinero ♪
♪ Got some gangsters
in the cut now ♪
♪ Cut now ♪
♪ And they're doing
what I say so ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[phone chimes]
Yeah.
Sorry. baby.
Daddy gotta put this dick
on the charger tonight.
[eerie tone playing]
Damn.
I left my shit like this?
Fuck.
I gotta stop fucking with
them shrooms
while I'm on them pain pills.
She got me trippin'.
[mid-tempo music playing]
♪ When a shots go off
They're about to [indistinct] ♪
♪ What takes so long
[indistinct] ♪
♪ Another day in the ghetto.
ghetto. ghetto ♪
♪ It's another day
♪ Another day in the ghetto.
ghetto. ghetto ♪
♪ Ooh. another day
in the ghetto. ghetto. ghetto ♪
♪ Oh. yeah
Okay. okay. ladies.
Looking good.
Okay. just make sure the letters
are large enough to be seen.
Yeah?
What the hell is this?
Rayshon is spelled with a Y.
Get a new poster and start over.
Damn.
Okay. everybody. listen up.
My name is Trouble.
I am one of the VIP
dancers here at Eden.
- And on behalf of Rayshon...
- Get your ass down. please.
Thank you. everyone.
for coming out today.
We are mourning
our fallen soldier. Rayshon.
Rayshon was one of ours.
Eden has been
a safe haven for those
that have been victimized
and judged by this society.
When no one else
would hire Rayshon.
he came here.
This was his home.
Now. I intend
to ensure that everyone
in the city of Atlanta
remembers his name.
[crowd cheering]
Why your face all frowned up?
This shit is all my fault.
What you mean?
I gave Rayshon
the stolen credit card
that he used down at that store.
Shit.
Is the cops know?
Hell no.
Look. you can keep
your mouth fucking shut.
- All right?
- If I would've never got him
in this bullshit...
he would still be alive.
Rayshon was a grown-ass man.
It was his choice
to use that credit card.
It's not on you. man.
- All right?
- I just messed up.
If you're gonna be
mad at anybody.
be mad at the dumbass cops.
I mean. a stolen credit card
is no reason to kill somebody.
He ain't have to go out
like that. man.
I don't like her standing up
there for too long.
Me neither.
A shooter could be right here
in this crowd right now.
[scattered applause]
I was shot in my own club.
And so far.
Atlanta police have done nothing
to bring those
suspects to justice.
For all I know. it was
the crooked Atlanta police
that shot me themselves...
in retaliation
for my murder trial.
We have to demand justice.
We cannot allow these people.
the police.
- to continue to murder us.
- [man exclaims] Yeah.
So today.
I think we should
get into a little good trouble.
As you go home this evening.
I want you to look your
loved ones in the eye.
I want you to hug them.
Remember to tell them
that you love them.
Rayshon will never
be able to do that.
So today. we remember this man.
His name was Rayshon.
[crowd exclaiming]
- Say his name.
- Rayshon.
Say his name.
Rayshon.
[somber music playing]
[sniffles and sobbing]
♪
[grunts softly]
[Toni squeals and chuckles]
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I just got a little excited.
I know about the baby.
[Dime stuttering]
Wait. Amp told you?
Yes. And listen.
I know we haven't always had
the best relationship.
but this child means
everything to me.
All right. Toni. listen--
I cannot believe
I'm going to be a grandma.
Oh. wait. Glamma. Nana.
- Gigi.
- Okay. Toni. Toni...
Okay. what do you think about
Ariana if it's a girl?
Or. ooh. Aaron if it's a boy?
Because I figure
both of your names start with A.
Okay. stop. we're not even
supposed to be telling people.
Okay. yeah. you're right.
I know
it's your first trimester.
but I'm not people.
[Toni chuckles]
This child is my blood.
Since when did blood
become so important to you?
You're not even
in your child's life.
so you damn sure
won't be in mine.
No. no. wait. Just hold on. No.
[vigorous music playing]
Hey. I know I ain't the most
OCD motherfucker in the world.
but I know I didn't leave
my place like that.
I think Renee was in my shit.
You sure?
Like. there's a lot of shit
going on right now. bro.
It's easy to forget about shit.
Yeah. but I didn't forget
to leave my place nice.
[Midnight grunts in effort]
Plus. I keep getting gifts.
What's strange about that?
They ain't got no name on them.
Damn. man.
you gotta be careful. bro.
Nigga. you got just
as many webbing problems as me.
You're right.
Shit. you ain't lying. bro.
Come on. man.
let me get that action. man.
Speaking of...
Hey.
The fuck are you doing here?
How'd you find out
that I'm here?
Hello to you. too.
Someone saw you here
and posted your location
as a precaution to other women.
Oh. great. so now I'm a fucking
registered sex offender?
Listen. I spoke
with Detective Davis.
Not that I agree
with her decision.
but I have been strongly advised
to take down
all my posts about you.
But the damage
is already done. Nyema.
Like. thanks to you.
these women around here
are afraid of me.
Well. they probably should be.
But... [exhales sharply]
...it's time to put
this entire thing behind me.
[ominous tone playing]
[Midnight grunting in effort]
Yo...
She really
took this shit down. bro?
[scoffs] Man.
See. if your crazy bitch
could talk to my crazy bitch.
- [Doc scoffs] Fucking crazy.
- ...it might be aight.
♪
Madam.
- What a little surprise.
- Hmm.
Are you surprised
that I'm alive?
[chuckles nervously] No. we...
we were all wishing
you had a speedy recovery.
Mm. sure you are.
So.
I didn't see you
at the rally today.
My apologies. Madam.
But something more pressing
came up here in the office.
Something more pressing
than another innocent
Black man being
gunned down by the police?
Okay.
I'm gonna need
the address and the name
of the cop that shot Rayshon.
I can't do that.
I'm a civil servant.
Right.
Which is why it should be
pretty easy for you.
I'm the mayor now.
That will put me
in a very compromising position.
Compromising position?
[chuckling]
I'm sure you weren't considering
the compromising position
you and your husband
put Rayshon in
when you decided
to rearrange his insides.
[Ms. Tandy clears her throat]
All right. Madam.
I'll get right on it.
Good.
Did you call the mortuary yet?
I wasn't aware I needed to.
Well. the funeral
is not going to pay for itself.
So. I'm putting you
in charge of that.
It should be great
for your image.
[chuckles] Well.
since it was my credit card
that was stolen.
it's probably best
that I stay away
from this situation.
Tandy. that was not a request.
I know you got
a very hefty payout
from Jack's life insurance.
I believe the dearly departed
should pay. too.
I have my assistant
call this afternoon.
Mm-hmm.
But you need to be aware
that this will bring us
very unwanted attention.
Bitch. with all that shit
you did to that little boy.
you better make sure everyone
in the city of Atlanta
knows his name.
So. when I get up
and I go to work
and I pass MLK.
the next street I see
better be named Rayshon Avenue.
[suspenseful music playing]
[inaudible conversation]
- [indistinct]
- Hell. no.
You can't park my car
with no rubber shoes on?
[indistinct]
in the Black Forces.
- You serious?
- Nah. I'm just saying.
Damn right I'm serious. Hey. yo.
At least somebody try
to steal my truck.
I know that nigga can fight.
You ain't got your shit
in sport mode.
What the fuck!
Uh-uh-uh.
Keep them dirty ass fingernails
on the steering wheel.
[both panting]
Who are you?
What is this around my neck?
Don't turn your head too fast
and it won't cut
through your skin.
What do you want?
You and me.
we gonna take
a little field trip to Eden.
Madam wanna talk to you.
Madam. the bitch
who shot up the halfway house?
You watch your fucking mouth.
Drive.
I said drive. nigga.
[engine revs]
[slow-paced music playing]
[indistinct]
[Fuego] No. Now we're just
looking at the pillow.
Remember.
we're seeing everything
- from her point of view.
- [Midnight groans]
Okay. turn over.
♪
[faint beeping]
Shoot. the picture
on my monitor just scrambled.
Look. man. you may have to--
you may have to do this
- without my instructions.
- [Midnight] Good.
Well. I look like
I'm taking instructions
about fucking from you. anyway.
[Fuego] Man.
this is gonna be so fire.
We're gonna call it
the Midnight Rendezvous.
- [woman moaning]
- Did you hear the title?
Yeah. I heard you.
Pretty clever. right?
Yeah. I'm a little busy.
This is just the beta version.
so we have time to tweak things
before the final episode.
Fuego. I can't do what I need
to do with you in my ear.
[Fuego] I'm just trying
to make sure we are getting
the best experience for the app.
The last thing
I need is you telling me
how to make pussy cum.
So shut your ass up.
I got it from here.
Okay. Do your thing. man.
I trust you.
[woman moaning and panting]
[tense music building]
Hey. babe.
Yo. you wanna run to the
Farmer's Market with me?
No. you know. I wanna know
why you couldn't wait
to run your mouth to your
mama about my situation.
What-- what situation?
My pregnancy.
What happened
to not saying anything
until I decided
what I wanted to do?
Look. Dime. I'm sorry.
But she is my mom. you know?
Well. she ain't mine.
She practically ambushed me
at Mattie B's
going on and on
about baby names and shit.
[Amp sighs] Yeah.
I'm sorry. baby.
Uh. look.
I ain't telling nothing.
Okay? I had a book about
new fathers and I dropped it.
And she picked it up
and started putting
two and two together.
Why are you even
buying parenting books?
[chuckles softly]
Dime. I mean...
Yo. I was excited. man.
I haven't even decided
what I want.
I understand that. Okay?
And you don't have to
decide anything.
Look. I get it.
My parents are pieces of shit.
[chuckles]
And you think I might be too.
Well. your track record
isn't exactly top tier.
I understand.
And I understand
that you also may have
some trust issues with me.
But. hey.
We love each other.
And we could be much better
examples for the baby.
Don't make promises
you can't keep.
I'm on this promise.
I promise to prove to you
that we can make this work.
All right.
Come on. let's go.
Please.
[tentative music playing]
[Amp chuckling]
[Madam] All right. look. Smoke.
I don't need you moving until
I give you the signal. okay?
But I do need these
signatures by any means.
I got you. Madam.
All right.
How many guns you got on you?
- Guns?
- Hm-mmm.
Zero.
You know I like to play
with my food before I eat it.
Yeah. I don't even know
why I asked you that.
Besides.
after I chop the bodies up.
I might get buried
on the new land.
It'll make
good fertilizing soil.
I love the way
you always forward thinking.
[chuckling]
All right.
now. if it comes to it.
- there is a trap door.
- Okay.
It's in the kitchen.
behind the refrigerator.
I don't need anyone
getting hurt. Smoke.
And do not scare
these customers.
I got you. Madam. No problem.
Let's go.
[Madam grunts]
[somber tone playing]
[restaurant chatter]
There she is.
This is Marilyn DeVille.
It's such an honor to meet you.
Oh. the pleasure is all mine.
And this is Smoke.
he'll be heading up
the agricultural sector
of my business.
Pleasure to meet you both.
Ma'am. it's a pleasure.
Thank you for having us.
We have followed your trial.
And we made sure we lifted your
name up in prayer every Sunday.
- Oh. yeah.
- Oh. thank you very much.
It's well appreciated
because. obviously. it worked.
Look. this farm has been
in my family's business
for almost 100 years.
But times are changing.
Companies aren't
buying the way they used to.
I mean.
they're making meats in a lab.
It's a cut-throat business.
I mean.
we have a situation like that
ourselves that we've dealt with.
Yeah. we have.
So farming
is a family business. I see.
Yes. it is.
But we're getting older.
Kids don't want to take it over.
So it's time for us
to retire and travel.
See the world a bit.
I can understand that.
Well. I can assure you
I would be absolutely honored
to take the farm off your hands.
We have prayed to God
to send us someone.
And he sent us you.
This is
what we've been waiting for.
When you beat the trial
and then came out of that coma.
well. we knew
that you were anointed.
It's already signed.
We made up our minds last night.
Yes.
Really?
Okay.
I will get this over
to my attorney
and we will be in touch shortly.
All right.
Hey. let uh-- uh--
let us feed you before you go.
Yes. yes. Please. stay.
Well. certainly
we can't pass up a free meal.
I'm sure we have time
for at least an appetizer.
I guess we're eating then. Okay.
Do you know how blessed
you are. Mrs. DeVille?
God is not done
with you yet. baby.
I tell her all the time.
- Here.
- Yeah. a drink. please.
[pleasant music playing]
I got your text. What's up?
What's the emergency?
I just wanted to give you
these to thank you
for helping me out with
the whole Nyema situation.
These are beautiful. Kenny.
You like them?
But there really was no need
for you to thank me.
Our department has been getting
a whole lot of attention lately
and honestly.
we don't need any more.
[chuckles]
Well. she took everything down
and now I feel
as if I could get my life back.
you know what I mean? [chuckles]
And what life is that
that you're trying
to get back to exactly?
Well. for starters...
I'd like to take you out
on a proper date.
What do you think
about dinner at my crib?
Dinner. huh?
So what. you gonna cook for me?
Maybe. baby. [chuckling]
- I'll think about it.
- You'll think about it?
- [scoffs] Come on.
- Come on. Kenny.
We know exactly what this is.
Look. I don't know what this is.
Guess I want
to invite you over for dinner
so we can figure it out
a little bit. you feel me?
I said I'd think about it.
Well. aight.
Miss "Think About It".
Look. text me
when you're done at work.
I'll see you then. all right?
Yeah. okay.
Thanks for the flowers.
Hey.
Come here.
- [indistinct]
- Come here.
I'll see you.
You little Brick Lord niggas.
Thought y'all was slick. huh?
Running product on
the Black Rock territory?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm gonna cut off this tattoo
and I'll send it to one of them.
[panting]
Look. you got the wrong guy.
All I do is just park cars.
Yeah. I thought
y'all were clever.
Using the valet stand.
[panting] All right.
Look. I don't know
what's going on.
but why would we have beef
with that lady?
Might have been
drying up lately.
And maybe you thought
taking out the biggest
piece on the chessboard
would give y'all
the biggest piece of the pie.
Y'all niggas [indistinct]
That's Big Cat. yo.
So you wanna make me look like
a liar in front of my boss?
Hell nah. [panting]
As many bodies as that bitch
got. that bitch is dangerous.
Now imagine what she would do to
you and your crew.
Whoever told you that is lying.
I'm telling you. that wasn't us.
- [panting]
- Then of all the places.
why y'all at Mattie B's?
[panting]
Hm? Come on.
I know you were free.
so you didn't come up
with this by yourself.
Just tell me who put
the hit on Madam?
Welcome to my home.
Go ahead and make
yourself comfortable.
This is really nice.
You must be doing
very well at Eden.
Yeah. I do alright.
Plus. I got some investments.
you know.
Crypto. NFTs.
Can I get you
something to drink?
Sure.
So what you do for a living?
Registered nurse.
Hm. I bet that sexy body
can fill out a pair of scrubs.
[chuckles softly]
You have
such great taste for a man.
[Quincy chuckles]
Is that right?
Yeah.
Uh...
Who's this white man?
Uh. that's my godfather.
He's like a real father to me.
He died a couple months ago.
Oh. I'm so sorry for your loss.
Thank you. I appreciate that.
He must have meant a lot to you.
My real dad
was kind of a deadbeat.
so he stepped in.
I'm dealing with it. though.
[Quincy clear his throat]
Oh. right. Sorry.
Uh...
This should be everything.
[indistinct whispering]
Hey. yo. hurry up.
You ain't the only one
that's got to piss.
[knocking] Yo!
My bad. man.
What's your freckle-faced ass
doing here?
Ugh.
I hope you ain't about
to go in that kitchen and cook.
You act like I don't have
soap in the bathroom.
I ain't hear no water running.
My hands are clean.
You want to smell my fingers?
You need to learn
how to mind your business.
You need to make
some better choices.
You fucking a nigga
with jewelry on his shoes.
We were having a team meeting.
Hm. Nasty gutter snipe.
[chuckles] Really?
Yeah. and I'm calling
the health inspector.
Call him. I don't give a damn.
Ain't no way
she related to the Madam.
[slow-paced music playing]
- Madam.
- Hello Madam.
Lovett.
It's good to see you
recovering well.
Thank you. Smoke.
Sharpening
your cognitive skills?
No. they said
this is supposed to help
with fucking memory
and concentration.
- Is it working?
- I don't know.
People keep coming
to my house bothering me.
so I haven't
figured it out yet.
I do appreciate you coming here
on such short notice. though.
Here.
That's the contract that I need
you to look over for the farm.
Oh. thank you.
I've already been in contact
with their attorney.
I anticipate
the process will go smoothly.
Yeah. smoother
than I even thought.
Motherfuckers are crazy.
They came at me
like I was a messiah.
Actually invited me to church.
[Madam laughing]
Between the coverage
from your trial
and the unfortunate incident.
the public's starting to see you
in a much more positive light.
Mm. well.
I hope that's a good thing.
Look. look over
that contract thoroughly.
but quickly. okay?
I don't want
any more shit on my plate.
Yeah. I'll get right on it.
Purchase agreements
are pretty standard.
It shouldn't be a long process.
Good.
That's what I like to hear.
- You have a good day. Madam.
- You too.
Nice suit.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
[dramatic music playing]
This is your last chance
to tell me what I want to know.
Because I promise you.
once you walk through
those doors.
your mama ain't gonna be able
to give you an open casket.
Shit.
[ominous music playing]
[panting]
Fucking coward.
Ass would have
never lasted in combat.
Shit.
[mid-tempo music playing]
Hey.
I appreciate you
for calling this in.
It's my pleasure.
I really love this car.
Well. thank you. I bought it
at an auction last year.
Nice.
I'm thinking about getting
a new Range Rover myself.
Mm. that's a beautiful truck.
You know. the upkeep
of a luxury SUV can be pricey.
You should consider
a smart car or a hybrid.
You're kidding me. right?
I wouldn't be caught dead
in one of those things.
The guys at work would clown.
Who cares what people say?
And I feel you.
I like to surround myself
with nice things.
That ring?
That ring is my vacation home
dollar payment.
That watch
is my retirement fund.
You know. cars are nice toys.
but they depreciate
very quickly.
- For real?
- Yes.
Listen. I mean. I work
too hard not to show off.
True. but. you know. you're
just getting on your feet.
Slow down.
Don't go broke
trying to look rich.
Listen. make your money grow.
Okay?
Have you ever
thought about investing?
No. I haven't.
I can help you
with your portfolio.
We can start small.
That way you can make your money
grow outside the club.
and I know
you don't want to dance forever.
[scoffs]
I'm down.
♪
[phone buzzing]
Hey. what's good?
I've been trying to reach you.
Yeah. I was tied up a little.
[chuckles] Really?
Did Detective Davis call you?
She said she needed
an additional statement
- to corroborate my alibi.
- Yeah. we talked.
So what did she say?
You did tell her that I was home
with you all night. right?
Something like that.
Wha-- What?
I told her
what she needed to hear.
But I hope you know this is
going to be another 20 racks.
Quincy. I am not a fucking ATM.
That's exactly what you are.
You made it real clear
what this arrangement was.
But all this extra talking
to the cops and shit.
it's going to cost you.
Maybe I should call
Detective Davis back
- until I forgot to mention it.
- Okay. okay. okay. Listen.
There are a lot of eyes on me
and my financials right now.
I really need to keep a very
low profile. I can't be--
Look. now's not
a good time for me.
I'll call you back later.
Fuck.
Motherfucker shot himself.
Small talk touch my shit.
Blue that wasn't
part of the plan.
You were just
supposed to talk to him.
I tried. Guess he got scared.
Why would you let the nigga
unalive himself in my truck?
Tommy. he pulled out
a gun out of nowhere.
You know how hard it is
to get brain matter
out of Italian leather?
- Fuck!
- I called a cleaning crew.
They have it like brand new.
Then tell them to hurry up
before the blood coagulates
and gets inside of my threading.
Fuck. look at my truck.
Look at my fucking truck!
We're going to have to go back
to Mattie B's.
And talk to the other valet.
That is the only way
we're going to get information
about the gray sedan.
All right.
Well. let's see
what Fancy Feet knows.
That's if he ain't somewhere
smashing and dashing.
- Smashing and dashing?
- Yeah.
I see them in the bathroom
rearranging Carla's organs.
That bitch would screw anything.
Fucking truck.
Can't leave him alone
for two seconds.
Damn it!
[dramatic music playing]
[Midnight] All right. Fuego.
The girl just left.
- I'm tired and I need a nap.
- Okay. look. we're almost done.
Just one last thing.
I need you
to go to the bathroom.
take the plaster I left you.
and make a mold
of yourself with it.
How long is that going to take?
It'll only take
a few minutes to set.
All right.
Wait. Night. Don't get mad.
But before you put
the plaster on your skin.
you're going to have to
shave your pubes.
Like a bitch?
Come on. man.
I can't be dicking
my clients down
with the bald eagle.
It'll-- Look. it'll grow back.
But trust me.
you'll thank me later.
This better be worth it.
[line ringing]
Hi. [indistinct]
This is Alonzo Garcia.
I'm just calling to let you know
that the VR experience
is almost ready to go.
[mid-tempo music playing]
- What's up. man?
- What's up. my guy?
Long time. How you been. bro?
It's been a minute.
Yeah. I've been good. you know.
- Can't complain.
- Yeah. man.
Heard you got locked up
for a little bit. though.
Yeah. I. um. did.
But I'm out now.
Ready to make some big moves.
You sure you ready
to go down this road?
- Yeah.
- Hm.
- You got the money. right?
- Yeah.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Come on.
[indistinct]
see a product first?
Yeah. you're right. man. My bad.
You trying to get us
jammed up out here. man?
- [both laughing]
- Check this out.
Yeah.
Check this out.
- Oh. Ooh.
- Yeah.
Damn.
Oh. that's so nice. man.
I don't know
which one to choose. bro.
Look. man.
Either way you choose.
you can't lose.
It's this one.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. That's--
That's. ooh.
Well. look. there's more
I can say about marriage.
You know what I mean?
Every prison don't have bars.
You dig what I'm saying?
- [both laughing]
- Don't start. bro.
- No. no. She's the one.
- Yeah.
You good. though. bro.
- Can I touch?
- Yeah. go ahead. man.
- Ooh.
- Yeah.
That's it. though.
But like I said.
every prison don't have bars.
♪
Hey. bro.
Damn. What happened to you?
Long story.
My knees got busted up.
How long you out for?
Not sure yet.
I'm here to pick up the mold.
Yo. this shit is pretty dope.
I see why women
be going crazy with my shit.
So what I'm gonna do
is take a mechanical junk.
a mass replicator
using a 3D printer.
and sell that as an add-on
to the Midnight Rendezvous
VR experience.
[exhales sharply] Nice.
So when the user connects
the Bluetooth to the headset.
they have the ability
to pulsate and move
and feel exactly
like the real thing.
So...
So. every woman in America
can get to feel the Night?
Hopefully not just in America.
I'm trying to go global.
Damn. we gonna make a bag.
I've probably fulfilled
my dream to have sex
with every woman in the world.
[laughing] There you go.
All right. man.
now before we get to rehearsing
this bright idea of yours.
let me lay down
some ground rules.
Call me Face. I ain't
with all that daddy shit.
[Quincy scoffs] Man. trust me.
You ain't gotta
worry about that.
This ain't no LeBron
and Bronny Lakers debut.
- All right. I see you.
- Yeah. old man.
Bet your knees ain't been able
to do this move in years.
- Yeah. you wish...
- Show me something then. OG.
Mmm.
Man. I ain't gonna lie.
you got some moves.
I always wonder
where I got my rhythm from.
My mama couldn't dance
to save her life.
[Babyface scoffs and chuckles]
Hey. man. my bad how I reacted
the first time I seen you.
Kind of just
caught me off guard.
I get it.
I've been
asking about you my whole life.
I didn't really know
what to expect.
Yeah. man. I was a kid myself
when I was messing
with your mom.
I swear she ain't ever
tell me she was pregnant.
I know.
Hey. yo.
think there's any chance
we can handle the situation
outside the courtroom?
No. folks don't need
to be in our business.
Like. drop the child
support case?
I don't know.
I saw some new pair of J's.
I can't wait
to get with your money.
I fuck with you.
For real. though.
I'll think about it.
All right. bet.
Let's get back to this routine.
[electronic music playing]
Oh. hi. Detective Davis.
I wasn't expecting you today.
Hi. Lily. I was actually nearby
and I have some things
I want to share with you.
so I was hoping to get
a face-to-face with you.
- All right. come on in.
- Thank you.
So. how are you settling
into your new role as mayor?
Well. you know.
the city is keeping me busy.
but I am a woman of the people.
Did you happen to make it over
to Marilyn DeVille's
protest rally?
Actually. no.
I decided to sit that one out.
you know. the last time
I wanted to support Madam.
A dead body popped out
of the ground.
and so we're still dealing
with the blowback from that.
- [Det. Davis] Hmm.
- Yeah.
This protest rally.
it is terrible press
for the police department.
Our phones
are ringing off the hook.
people are yelling at us
on the street.
- It's a complete nightmare.
- I can only imagine.
And who is she fooling? Hm?
Holding
a community protest rally
as if she gives
a damn about anybody.
That woman kills for sport.
And yet somehow
everybody loves her.
Well. you know.
Madam is one of those people
that always seems
to come out on top.
Mm-hmm.
Speaking of which.
do you have any updates
on her shooting investigation?
I do.
That's actually
why I'm here today.
Your alibi checks out.
Of course it did.
But did you know
that your phone was near Eden
in the night in question?
Mm-hmm.
It actually pinged a tower
not too far from there
around the same time
that Madam was shot.
[intriguing music playing]
It's gonna be good.
Well. Madam.
We have--
had a potential suspect.
but. um. we ran into a...
a bit of a roadblock.
What Tommy is saying is that
we're still
interviewing suspects.
Who the fuck shot me?
Huh? Who shot me? Huh?
Y'all walking around here
playing like
it's a fucking game.
You and you are supposed to be
my best fucking men.
And you almost let me die.
So you don't have shit. Tommy?
Nothing?
And what about you. Blue?
Running around here
playing Blue's fucking Clues.
You think
this is a fucking game?
[indistinct] Bitch. Hm? Hm?
Let me tell you something.
if you two do not figure out
who the fuck tried to kill me.
I'm gonna start to think
that y'all had
something to do with it.
Keep fucking playing with me.
[hip-hop music playing]